In the last step, we instantiated our two discriminators and our two generators,
one for classifying or generating images from the X and Y domains.
The next step is to define our loss functions and optimizers for training.
As before, we'll want to define real and fake losses that look at the outputs of
our discriminators and see how close the logits are to being real one or fake zero.
We'll also need to define a new kind of loss, cycle consistency loss.
This loss looks at the reconstruction error between an input,
say x and a processed x, x-hat,
that's gone through our two generators G_X to Y and G_Y to X,
which here is referred to as F. In theory,
going through these generators in a cycle will create
an x-hat that's the same as the original x.
Any error is measured as the absolute value difference between x-hat and x.
Okay. So, this is a completely new loss type.
The second new loss detail is that, in this case,
we'll actually be using a least squares loss function
for the discriminator as opposed to cross entropy loss.
This approach is motivated by recent research.
Basically, in an unsupervised approach like this,
researchers observed that cross entropy loss led to a vanishing gradient problem and
a least squares loss function instead was able to generate
higher quality images and was a bit more stable during training.
This structure is also referred to as a least squares GAN or
LSGAN and you can read the original paper on this approach at this link.
What this means in practice is that you'll define
a real loss and fake loss function that takes in
our discriminator output and computes a squared loss term
between that output and the desired label one or zero.
For example, for our discriminator D_X,
I might pass in a real image x from our training data and I'll get some output,
then I can essentially calculate a real error as a mean square loss
by squaring the difference between that output and a real label one.
In Python code, these two asterisks mean raised to a power of two.
So, I'm taking the squared difference of the output and
the label one and then I'm taking the mean of all of these values.
So, this is a mean squared loss and I can do something really similar for a fake image,
only instead of comparing the output to the value one,
I'm going to compare it to the value zero and just end up squaring the output term.
Okay. So, in this cell,
I want you to try to fine in these three loss functions.
The first two taking the outputs from our discriminator.
The real loss function should compute a mean squared error between
this output and real labels and the fake function should do the same thing,
but with fake labels.
Lastly, I have a weight function that will take in a real image,
its reconstruction and a Lambda weight.
This is our cycle consistency loss function and it should do two things.
First, it will calculate the reconstruction loss.
So, the absolute value difference between these two inputs,
the real image and its reconstruction.
These are going to be pixel-wise differences and so you can
take the mean of the absolute value difference here.
Then, it should multiply that loss term by the past and weight value here.
If you recall from Juneon's videos,
the Lambda weight basically tells us how weighty or
how important the cycle consistency loss term is.
Okay. Then there's one more thing we have to do to complete
our optimization strategy and that's defined
atom optimizers for our discriminator and generators.
In this case, I want you to create three different optimizers,
one for each of our discriminators X and Y and
a third attached to the parameters from both of our generators.
I'm getting those parameters by adding them up as lists in this line.
There are other ways to do this,
but I think this leads to a nice solution.
So, your job will be to define the hyperparameters here by
looking at existing papers or other resources that you find.
Try completing the loss functions above and filling in these hyperparameters.
Next, I'll show you one solution.